Step Number:1
Step Description: Navigate to testerzy.pl
Expected Result: testerzy.pl page is opened.
Actual Result:	 testerzy.pl page is opened.
Execution Status: passed

Step Number:2
Step Description: Locate the search icon (hint: magnifying glass) on the top right side of the page and click on it.
Expected Result: Search icon is located.
Actual Result:	 Search icon is located.
Execution Status: passed

Step Number:3
Step Description: Check that a search field "Napisz, czego szukasz..." is displayed. Attach a screenshot.
Expected Result: Search field is displayed. Screenshot is attached.
Actual Result:	Search field is displayed. Screenshot is attached.
Execution Status: passed

Step Number:4
Step Description: Click on the search icon again and check that the search field is hidden. Attach a screenshot.
Expected Result: Search field is hidden. Screenshot is attached.
Actual Result:	Search field is hidden. Screenshot is attached.
Execution Status: passed

Step Number:5
Step Description: Click on the search icon and check that the search field is displayed again.
Expected Result: Search field is displayed again.
Actual Result:	 Search field is displayed again.
Execution Status: passed

Step Number:6
Step Description: In the search field provide some numbers (i.e "123") and click enter.
Expected Result: Numbers are provided in the search field.
Actual Result:	Numbers are provided in the search field.
Execution Status: passed

Step Number:7
Step Description: Check that a list with correct search results is displayed. Attach a screenshot.
Expected Result: List with correct search results is displayed. Screenshot is attached.
Actual Result:	List with correct search results is not displayed. Screenshot is attached.
Execution Status: failed

Step Number:8
Step Description: Click on the search icon again and in the search field provide some letters (i.e "test").
Expected Result: Letters are provided in the search field.
Actual Result:	 Letters are provided in the search field.
Execution Status: passed

Step Number:9
Step Description: Click on the search icon.
Expected Result: The search icon is clicked.
Actual Result:	The search icon is clicked.
Execution Status: passed

Step Number:10
Step Description: Check that a list with correct search results is displayed. Attach a screenshot.
Expected Result: List with correct search results is displayed. Screenshot is attached.
Actual Result:	"List with correct search results is not displayed. Screenshot is attached.
Execution Status: failed

Step Number:11
Step Description: Close the page.
Expected Result: The page is closed.
Actual Result:	 The page is closed.
Execution Status: passed
